tngo application structure (#1035)
plotly/dash-docs: dash_docs/chapters/dash_enterprise/application_structure/project_folder_r.md

## Project Folder

To deploy a Dash R app with Dash Enterprise, three additional files are needed in your **project folder**:

1. A `init.R` file to describe your app's dependencies
2. A `Procfile` to declare what commands & processes should be run to run the Dash 
    app and any other background processes 
3. A `buildpacks` file that informs Dash Enterprise to use the R buildpack.

A minimal project structure might look like this:

```
|-- app.R
|-- Procfile
|-- init.R
|-- .buildpacks
```

> You may also include optional files such as an `apt-packages` file if your app requires additional system-level packages like database drivers, an `app.json` file if you want to call scripts when deploying changes, or a `CHECKS` file if you want to customize 

Reviewer: let's update this since `apt-packages` isn't supported

Reviewer: maybe we include a blockquote mentioning it. some users might expect that it works since we have it for the other buildpacks. so just omitting it might not be enough, we might need to explicitly state that it's not supported. we can use that blockquote to mention that they can do the same thing by running the install commands in the `predeploy` script instead.

## Project Folder

To deploy a Dash R app with Dash Enterprise, three additional files are needed:

1. A `init.R` file to describe your app's dependencies
2. A `Procfile` to declare what commands & processes should be run to run the Dash 
    app and any other background processes 

> 3. An R `buildpack` to transfer your app's code into the Docker image that is later
>     run on the Dash Enterprise Server or Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: - `buildpacks` is plural
- this file is used to detect override which buildpack is used

```suggestion
3. A `buildpacks` file that informs Dash Enterprise to use the R buildpack.
```
